hey what's up guys
Tomcat here and as promised the Forza 4
drift builds are back this time we have
an Audi r8 v8 this thing is this thing
is pretty freaking epic um oh and shout
out to Breezer for the music that I'm
using in this video
song is up and away you can you can go
down in the description below to check
out his soundcloud and his Facebook just
let him know I sent you and check out
his music he makes some pretty awesome
stuff so what do I think of this car
well I mean you don't see mid-engine
drift cars very much obviously so I
wanted to give this one a shot because I
love the Audi r8 specifically the v8 I
mean I I've always thought that the v10
since it's so similar since that that
since that engine is pretty much since
the v10 engine is pretty much a Guyardo
engine why not get a Guyardo
and it seems to me like if you're gonna
get an r8 you should get the v8 because
the v8 is the v8 is a pure outtie engine
whereas the v10 is a is a pure
Lamborghini engine so if you're gonna
get the v10 get the Lambo if you're
gonna get the v8 get the Audi so awesome
engine it does have twin turbochargers
on it you as you saw in the build and I
mean it feels great it's a great feeling
car you're gonna see it in some in some
upcoming videos definitely I have a
video that I'm going to be uploading
soon of some drift practice some tandem
practice with this car so I hope you
guys enjoyed that drift build if you did
don't forget to like tell me in the
comments what you thought of it and
subscribe if you are new